Update README (#736)
elastic/elasticsearch-ruby: README.md

The Elasticsearch client is compatible with Ruby 1.9 and higher.
Other libraries in this repository might require a more recent Ruby version.

> The client's API is compatible with Elasticsearch's API versions from 0.90 till

Reviewer: This seems ambiguous to me, its the first thing stated so reads like its compatible with `0.90` and up. 

Would mention in this order:

- clients are locked with major version
- pick a client with the same major version
- this client has had releases since 0.90
- refer to Elastic EOL policy to understand which versions are actively supported/tests

Author: @Mpdreamz Thanks for the review, I made these changes and I'm adding the EOL policy link to the Rails client too.

The Elasticsearch client is compatible with Ruby 1.9 and higher.
Other libraries in this repository might require a more recent Ruby version.

> The version numbers follow the Elasticsearch major versions, and the

Reviewer 2: I think we can shorten this run-on sentence... something like:
```suggestion
The version numbers follow the Elasticsearch major versions. For example, the
```

`master` branch is compatible with the Elasticsearch `master` branch, therefore,

> with the next major version.

Reviewer 2: >..., therefore, with the next major version.

This therefore seems a bit odd to me.  Do you just mean this?:

>..., which is the next major version.

| 7.x           | → | 7.x           |
| master        | → | master        |

> Use a release matching your stack's major version of Elasticsearch. Each client

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use a release that matches the major version of Elasticsearch in your stack. Each client
```

| 7.x           | → | 7.x           |
| master        | → | master        |

Use a release matching your stack's major version of Elasticsearch. Each client

> version is backwards compatible with all minor versions of the major version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
version is backwards compatible with all minor versions of the same major version.
```
